Add Java & Spring Boot performance docs. (#2715)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/traces-sampler-as-sampler/java.mdx

```java
import io.sentry.Sentry;

Sentry.init(
  options -> {
    options.setDsn("___PUBLIC_DSN___");
    // To set a uniform sample rate
    options.setTracesSampleRate(1.0);

>     // Determine traces sample rate based on the sampling context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // OR: Determine traces sample rate based on the sampling context
```

    options.setTracesSampler(
      context -> {
        if (...) {
          // These are important - take a big sample
          return 0.5;
        } else if (...) {
          // These are less important or happen much more frequently - only take 1%
          return 0.01;

>         } else if (...) {
>           // These aren't something worth tracking - drop all transactions like this
>           return 0;

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to show some actual example here to help clarify the use case:

// something like this (That compiles)
```suggestion
        } else if (context.get("url") != null && context.get("url") == "/health")) {
          // The health check endpoint is just noise - drop all transactions
          return 0;
```

Author: Fixed
